millions of years ago lots of animals
used their tails to help them swim
when some of them left the water behind
their tails changed or
disappeared completely imagine you live
in a world where this last part
didn't happen and everyone has tails
including people
this gives them special abilities but it
all depends on what kind of tail they
have
you were born in a big city and have a
furry tail a little like a dog's or a
cat's
what do you need it for our pets use
their tails to communicate
they can reveal a lot about the emotions
a dog or cat is experiencing
in the same way these human tails show
how people feel
as you're walking down the street a
woman passes you
she's talking on her phone someone must
be telling her some good news
because her tail is wagging quickly from
side to side
in the distance you can see two guys
talking to each other
their tails are pointed up like pillars
which means they're getting angry
and are ready for a confrontation even
from this distance
you understand that they're not just
talking but arguing with each other
it's very difficult for people to
control their tail when they're
experiencing certain emotions
if a friend is smiling at you but their
tail is lowered
then you naturally try to cheer them up
because you can understand that they're
in a bad mood
those specialists who can read facial
expressions to see if someone is telling
the truth
have also learned to read tail movements
this also makes it extra hard to play
poker
your wagging tail lets everyone at the
table know when you have a good hand
oh well you reach the office and once
inside see a colleague talking to the
boss
the colleague's tail is tucked up behind
their legs so
they're probably afraid the boss is
probably scolding them for a bad report
you think to yourself then you catch
sight of your friend at their desk
you're happy to see them so you begin to
wag your tail
yesterday was your birthday and now your
friend gives you a present
it's around the world airplane ticket
great friend
you go home after work and pack your
suitcase you remember to take all the
clothes and accessories you need for
your tail
fashion is a little different in this
world some people like to wear rings on
their tails
while others give theirs fashionable
haircuts or
shave them and get tattoos but the most
fashionable people of all
have peacock tails these animals use
their tails to scare off predators
and also to impress other peacocks just
like this showy bird
humans use their peacock tails to make
themselves look beautiful
most of them work in the fashion
industry they spend half the day
taking care of their tails and the rest
of their time on catwalks or at photo
shoots
your suitcase is packed you go outside
and realize you're late for your flight
you run to your taxi moving much faster
than ordinary human beings
that's because your tail is not just for
communication
it also gives you much better balance
you can walk on a narrow curb and not
fall off
and easily jump over obstacles you reach
the airport
board your plane and fly north it's
summer
so instead of snow you see green fields
and meadows
cows and horses are grazing all around
their tails help them ward off flies and
other annoying insects
you see people with the same kind of
tail small ones with a tuft at the end
since they're great for sweeping and
swiping they use them as brooms
the streets here are really clean they
also come in handy in the evenings
when there are lots of mosquitoes around
with their tails constantly swishing at
the little critters
these people don't get bitten very often
you journey farther north there's a lot
of snow
here and it's very cold you put on a
coat and place a warm cover on your tail
but the locals here don't need these
covers like foxes
they use their bushy tails as blankets
they not only keep them perfectly warm
but like alligator's tails they also
hold a large amount of fat
this helps them stay full and energetic
even in winter
but you're getting cold and decide to
fly down to the south
it's very hot here so you put a little
hat on your tail to protect it from the
scorching sun
the cities in this country are
surrounded by jungles and rainforests
in this environment many people shave
their tails to keep cool
you arrive at your hotel and they offer
you a regular room or a room inside a
tree
you're intrigued and choose the tree
room
in this region the houses are built
right inside the trees
it's difficult for you to climb up to
them with your ordinary tail
but the locals find them really
comfortable lots of people here have
monkey tails they can use them to grab
the trees and balance on branches
their tails are like third hands which
give them a lot of agility and speed
this extra hand has a lot of advantages
they can be used to cook food and browse
through your phone at the same time
these people can also use their tails as
chairs just by leaning on them
but the coolest thing they can do is
swing from tree branches
holding onto them with their tails you
meet some of the locals
they hold out their tails instead of
their hands to say hello
your new friends take you to an unusual
music concert
the performers have noisy tails like a
rattlesnakes
these animals normally use their loud
tails to scare off enemies
but here the musicians just use them as
instruments
like maracas at the concert you meet
people who have reptilian tails
these guys don't worry too much about
losing their tails if there's an
accident
if their tails comes off it'll grow back
completely in a couple of months
reptiles use this ability to escape from
predators
for the people here though it means they
can put on spectacular magic shows
you're also very impressed by the people
that have scorpion tales
scorpions use the stingers on their
tails against enemies
but these guys use them for medicine
scientists recently discovered that
scorpion venom can be used to treat
diseases
so while they may look fearsome people
with scorpion tails are
actually really good doctors after a
couple of days in the hot climate
you head out to the coast here you meet
people with fish tails
they look like mermaids but they can't
breathe underwater
their tails help them to swim fast dive
and ride on their surfboards
there are also people with kangaroo
tails they've created new kinds of
sports
like tail fencing and arm wrestling with
their tails
these guys like going to the gym to work
on their tail muscles
at the end of your journey you meet
people with the most useless tale of awe
pig's tails there's no use for their
tails but they still look very
sophisticated and beautiful
with a tail like this you can become a
model or a movie star
life sure would be different if people
had tails but if it all sounds a bit
weird
think about this there's a small bone at
the bottom of our spine called the
coccyx
this is what's left of the tails our
ancestors had
millions of years ago but this hidden
tale isn't useless
it still helps us to sit properly and
that's the end of this tale